you
well welcome to halo carnival
anniversary tricks on farmer Scott 21
along with JD PRI 123 just gonna be JT
folks and today we have the siege of
Madrigal trick for you here on us all in
the control room we're at the part of
the level where it's pretty far in the
level it's where you get to those two
banshees on the on the bridge on the
little bridge walkway agile you'll see
out here it's pretty far in the level
that's actually right towards the end
you can see the control room right next
to you so we're going to go ahead and
we're going to kill all the elites by
the ban chi so they also feel are barely
wait at least one of us should happen he
hasn't blown up we go alright as long as
you get 10 we go on alright so I okay
I'm gonna go up there and I'm they might
want to move that before the rate all
right now I want to make sure we get
this guy so you know kids boys are you
all right there we go we so we're gonna
do here is to see the control room over
here and we're going to go up to the
second little ring there's a top one
it's the one right below it and we're
gonna go Parker Banshee and hope for the
best that will fall and kill myself
that's a little tricky burnham market
all right like this look yes oh god kill
me all right JC you're just bought up
here with me yeah give me a second
killing that really doesn't bother us
later on I bothers talk that I killing
myself right now it sounds like two
hyphens for losers you're quite ready
jump down there all right now you're
gonna need to hear this from me make
sure it's playing but you walk all the
way over to the edge over here and see
to miracle should be playing there we go
easy peasy lemon squeezy
all right we go we're going to stay
staff from one
tell me that's over
you